# General FAQ

##### Q: What is the block time, and how many blocks are there in a day?

A: The target block time is 90 seconds, which puts BWK at about 960 blocks per day.

##### Q: How long does Proof of Work/Mining last for?

A: PoW will end with block 182,700.

##### Q: Where can I download the Bulwark wallet?

A: From the Official [Bulwark Github page](https://github.com/bulwark-crypto/Bulwark/releases).

##### Q: Is Bulwark just a fork of PIVX?

A: Bulwark is forked off of an older, more stable version of PIVX. We then hand patched it up to PIVX 2.3, and then backported code from Bitcoin 0.13 and DASH 12.1. More information will be available in the Whitepaper.

##### Q: What will this coin have that other PIVX/DASH clones don't have?

A: Tool Box, Home Node and Zerocoin.  There are quite a few things that the majority of forks don't have that we will and that's only what we've announced to date. We'd like to focus on integrating some of these updates before announcing any additional plans.

##### Q: What is Obfuscation?

A: Obfuscation is a privacy feature of Bulwark. Obfuscation works by mixing transactions, as directed by masternodes, and makes BWK fungible - washing coins of prior transaction history before securely and anonymously sending them onto their destination.

##### Q: Does it cost something to “Start Obfuscation”?

A: It may cost a few cents worth of transaction fees, however, helping to obfuscate improves the privacy of our whole network for those who wish to use it and we highly encourage obfuscating your wallet.

##### Q: What is SwiftTX?

A: Masternodes are able to instantaneously validate and confirm transactions before they are added onto the blockchain. This allows for extremely fast transactions that do not require additional confirmations.

##### Q: 10% community fund!? What is this?!

A: This is a fund that is set aside as we hit Proof of Stake. Masternode operators will be able to vote on budget proposals and dictate fund allocation. This system is hard-coded and puts the future of Bulwark into the hands of the community and encourages engagement.

##### Q: How does this “See-Saw” system work?

A: If there are more coins locked up in Masternodes, this means that PoS will get a higher percentage of the coins. The opposite would be if there are more coins being staked than locked up in Masternodes, Masternodes would yield a higher percentage.


##### Q:  Does Bulwark plan to be listed on <Exchange> any time soon?

A:  The Bulwark team is committed to the long-term health and stability of this project.  Major exchanges want to see novel features and longevity from non-ICO coins prior to listing.  Bulwark is focused on  executing in both of those areas and we are not actively pursuing additional exchange listings at this time.

##### Q: 14 Million coins in one year is a lot wont this hurt the coin?

A: 14 Million coins will be generated by the end of Year One. 27 Million Coins is NOT the Maximum Supply, that is the supply at the end of Year Five. Each year thereafter, approximately 561k BWK will be generated annually, giving Bulwark a technically infinite supply.

##### Q: I am getting weird errors/crashes when opening up my wallet. What can I do?

A: First, check out the github issues to see if this problem has occured before. Linked here: https://github.com/bulwark-crypto/bulwark/issues.
Second, open up a “New Issue” and supply as much info as you can. Information supplied from the Debug document can help, which can be found in your “Appdata/Roaming/Bulwark” Folder.

##### Q: My wallet says staking is not active? Is this fixable?

A: Staking will not be available untill block 182,700.
